Created AI-powered-insights.md (#1679)
telerik/reporting-docs: doc-output/configure-the-report-engine/aiclient-element.md

|Child Elements|<ul><li>__predefinedPrompts__ - Optional element. Defines a list of predefined prompts that the AI client can use.</li></ul>|
|Parent Element|__Telerik.Reporting__ - Configures all settings that the Telerik Reporting Engine uses.|

__`<predefinedPrompts>` element__

|   |   |
| ------ | ------ |
|Attributes|None|
|Child Elements|<ul><li>__add__ - Optional element. Adds a prompt to the list of predefined prompts.</li></ul>|
|Parent Element|__AIClient__|

__`<add>` element__

|   |   |
| ------ | ------ |

> |Attributes|__text__ - The text of a predetermined AI prompt.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Attributes|__text__ - The text of a predefined AI prompt.|
```

|Child Elements|None|
|Parent Element|__predefinedPrompts__|

## Example

> The following code example demonstrates how to configure the Reporting engine with an Azure OpenAI client that uses the `gpt-4o-mini` model. In addition, the AI functionality is restricted to using only a couple of predefined prompts for summarizing and translating the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code example demonstrates how to configure the Reporting engine with an Azure OpenAI client that uses the GPT-4o mini model variant. In addition, the AI functionality is limited to a few predefined prompts that enable it to summarize and translate the report.
```

Reviewer: [Avoid -ing forms](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/basic-rules-and-guidelines#avoid-gerunds-and--ing-forms-in-text) whenever possible.
